Added  Native to Web support (#803)
auth0/Auth0.Android: EXAMPLES.md

</details>

## Native to Web SSO login

This feature allows you to authenticate a user in a web session using the refresh token obtained from the native session without requiring the user to log in again.

> Call the api to fetch a webSessionTransferToken in exchange for a refresh token. Use the obtained token to authenticate the user by calling the `/authorize` end point.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the API to fetch a webSessionTransferToken in exchange for a refresh token. Use the obtained token to authenticate the user by calling the `/authorize` end point.
```

> Call the API to fetch a webSessionTransferToken in exchange for a refresh token. Use the obtained token to authenticate the user by calling the `/authorize` end point by passing as a query parameter or a cookie value.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Call the API to fetch a webSessionTransferToken in exchange for a refresh token. Use the obtained token to authenticate the user by calling the `/authorize` endpoint, passing the token as a query parameter or a cookie value.
```

```kotlin
    authentication
    .fetchSessionTransferToken("refresh_token")
    .start(object : Callback<SessionTransferCredentials, AuthenticationException> {
        override fun onSuccess(result: SessionTransferCredentials) {

>             // Use the web_sso token to authenticate the user in a web session in your app

Reviewer: Is `web_sso` still the current name?
